Update config_documentation - Change example of msisdn in allowed_local_3pids (#17476)
element-hq/synapse: docs/usage/configuration/config_documentation.md

Mandate that users are only allowed to associate certain formats of

> 3PIDs with accounts on this server, as specified by the `medium` and `pattern` sub-options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3PIDs with accounts on this server, as specified by the `medium` and `pattern` sub-options.
`pattern` is a [Perl-like regular expression](https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#module-re).
```

> You can get more information about 3PID and the expected types of `medium` [here](https://spec.matrix.org/latest/appendices/#3pid-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about 3PIDs, allowed `medium` types and their `address` syntax can be found [in the Matrix spec](https://spec.matrix.org/latest/appendices/#3pid-types).
```
